Update readme (#865)
Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher: README.md

       <a href="#Hotkeys">Hotkeys</a> •
  <a href="#QuestionsSuggestions">Questions/Suggestions</a> •
  <a href="#Development">Development</a> •
  <a href="https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs">Docs</a>
</h4>

---

## 🚗 Getting Started

### Installation

| [Windows 7+ installer](https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/releases/latest/download/Flow-Launcher-Setup.exe) | [Portable](https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/releases/latest/download/Flow-Launcher-Portable.zip) | `WinGet install "Flow Launcher"` |
| :----------------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------: |

> Windows may complain about security due to code not being signed, this will be completed at a later stage. If you downloaded from this repo, you are good to continue the set up. 

And You can download <a href="https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/discussions" target="_blank">early access version</a>.

## Features

### Applications & Files

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517107-efd83586-9084-46e0-b7dc-79a6748ea936.png" width="500">

> - Flow searches files and contents.
> - Search for file contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search for files or their contents.
```

Reviewer: think we only need this line `Search for files or their contents.`

Author: applied.

- Everything

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533469-da920295-8c36-46e8-89eb-a9cdd94b74ef.png" width="400">

- SpotiyPrimeum

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533523-afd79dca-a444-40e5-b2d9-6d3fe3aaece1.png" width="400">

- Steam Search

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533481-58e473fd-38d9-4604-861f-ad870770967d.png" width="400">

- Clipboard History

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533538-3caa2944-3037-4755-87b9-70fa918d2efa.png" width="400">

- Home Assistant Commander

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533487-2caff162-a8f6-4577-af3f-d1b05d423ee4.png" width="400">

- Colors

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533497-8677f800-95c5-4758-8ca3-c96333ee1943.png" width="400">

- Github

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533517-07bf011f-726c-4221-8657-0e442eca8a82.png" width="400">

- Windows Walker

### Plugin Install

### Plugin Store

![pluginstore](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144528115-3b6baa89-f53f-40db-8426-02c4db8dd2b5.png)

> - Simply you can check the full plugin list and Quick install in plugin store menu in setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can view the full plugin list or quickly install a plugin via the Plugin Store menu in Settings
```

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://flow-launcher.github.io">
	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517044-6c804af0-f331-4ffc-95f7-c3bcb4cc71e0.png" width="650">
  </a>

> </p>

Reviewer: without space the badges are not rendering
```suggestion
</p>

```

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/32r7s2skrgm9ubva?svg=true&retina=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/JohnTheGr8/flow-launcher/branch/dev)
[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/total.svg)](https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/releases)
![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher)
[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher)](https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/releases/latest)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-7389D8)](https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/727828229250875472?color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2&label=Community&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/AvgAQgh)

Flow Launcher. Dedicated to make your workflow flow more seamlessly. Aimed at being more than an app launcher, it searches, integrates and expands on functionalities. Flow will continue to evolve, designed to be open and built with the community at heart.

> <sub>Remember to star it, flow will love you more :)</sub>

Author: yep

	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517044-6c804af0-f331-4ffc-95f7-c3bcb4cc71e0.png" width="650">
  </a>
</p>

![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/3000)
[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/flow-launcher/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/flow-launcher)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/32r7s2skrgm9ubva?svg=true&retina=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/JohnTheGr8/flow-launcher/branch/dev)
[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/total.svg)](https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/releases)
![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher)
[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher)](https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/releases/latest)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-7389D8)](https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/727828229250875472?color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2&label=Community&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/AvgAQgh)

> Search everything from applications, files, bookmarks, YouTube, Twitter and more. All from the comfort of your keyboard without ever touching the mouse.

Reviewer: would this be better?
`Dedicated to make your workflow flow more seamlessly. Search everything from applications, files, bookmarks, YouTube, Twitter and more. Flow will continue to evolve, designed to be open and built with the community at heart.`

Author: I think it's too poetic. I'll change it first.

Author: > I think it's too poetic. but I'll change it first.

I think at the top, it should simply say what this program does. The phrase you write down feels like a philosophy of development. It is okay to have this phrase written after that. But as I said yesterday, I can't think of a simple phrase for this program.

[<img width="12px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26427004/104119722-9033c600-5385-11eb-9d57-4c376862fd36.png"> **SOFTPEDIA EDITOR'S PICK**](https://www.softpedia.com/get/System/Launchers-Shutdown-Tools/Flow-Launcher.shtml)

## 🎉 New Features in 1.9 

- All New Design. New Themes, New Setting Window. Animation & Sound Effect, Color Scheme aka Dark Mode.
- New Plugins, Plugin Store, Game Mode, Wizard window

> <a href="https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/releases">Full changelogs</a>

Reviewer: might be better to make this permanent.
```suggestion
<a href="https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/releases/tag/v1.9.0">Full changelog</a>
```

---

<h4 align="center">
  <a href="#Getting-Started">Getting Started</a> •  <a href="#Features">Features</a> • <a href="#Plugins">Plugins</a> •
       <a href="#Hotkeys">Hotkeys</a> •
  <a href="#QuestionsSuggestions">Questions/Suggestions</a> •
  <a href="#Development">Development</a> •
  <a href="https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs">Docs</a>
</h4>

---

## 🚗 Getting Started

### Installation

| [Windows 7+ installer](https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/releases/latest/download/Flow-Launcher-Setup.exe) | [Portable](https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/releases/latest/download/Flow-Launcher-Portable.zip) | `WinGet install "Flow Launcher"` |
| :----------------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------: |

> Windows may complain about security due to code not being signed, this will be completed at a later stage. If you downloaded from this repo, you are good to continue the set up. 

> And You can download <a href="https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/discussions/640" target="_blank">early access version</a>.

Reviewer: this might be better off pointing to just discussions area, as soon as 1.9.0 is released this link will not be valid

## Features

### Applications & Files

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517107-efd83586-9084-46e0-b7dc-79a6748ea936.png" width="500">

- Flow searches files and contents via Windows Index Search

> - Search for file contents.

Reviewer: maybe just `Flow searches files and contents`, dont think need to mention Windows Index Search

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517293-622844c8-fe4b-4ca6-82b0-4aa6feca4ddd.png" width="400">

- Support search using environment variable paths.

### Web Search & Open URL

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517502-5325de01-d0d9-4c2e-aafb-33c3f5d82f81.png" width="400">

> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517508-b2b78aaa-9bdb-4e65-85fd-d659f4157c80.png" width="400">

Reviewer: this action keyword is no longer `g`, it's now global, screenshot need to be updated sorry

Author: nvm. ok. I'll change it.

> And You can download <a href="https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/discussions" target="_blank">early access version</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And you can download <a href="https://github.com/Flow-Launcher/Flow.Launcher/discussions" target="_blank">early access version</a>.
```

- Search for files or their contents.

> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144862511-bb5a28c6-6aa8-4298-9b63-9306d5e8dcda.png" width="400">

Reviewer: just realised this does not show environment variables search, may be do one with this query `%`

Author: I don't get it. Do you mean it's better to change it to this screen?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/145016131-acdcc710-c2da-4c30-9218-b60f517710bc.png)

### System Commands

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517557-9b5b82fc-6408-48a0-af59-69b385a0782e.png" width="400">

- Provides System related commands. shutdown, lock, settings, etc.
- <a href="#system-command-list">System command list</a>

### Calculator

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517570-f0e62716-3fdf-4f2a-8986-385a3fcd0663.png" width="400">

- Do mathematical calculations and copy the result to clipboard. 

### Shell Command

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517582-83da8414-e03d-402c-863d-22d116d20c31.png" width="400">

- Run batch and PowerShell commands as Administrator or a different user.
- Ctrl+Enter to Run as Administrator.

### Explorer

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517603-7bfbf868-476a-41d1-bd1b-1ebde7ab2539.png" width="400">

- Save file or folder locations for quick access.

### Window Setting & Control Panel

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517620-00e58b93-b06c-4260-b7be-4f23edfdd633.png" width="400">

> - Search within Window Settings. (Default Action Keyword is "$")

Reviewer: i changed the default action keyword for this to global `*`

- Prioritise the order of each plugin's results.

### Customization

![Animation5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144693887-1b92ed16-dca1-4b7e-8644-5e9524cdfb31.gif)

- Window size adjustment, animation, and sound
- Color Scheme (aka Dark Mode)

![themes](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144527796-7c06ca31-d933-4f6b-9eb0-4fb06fa94384.png)

- There are various themes and you can make it yourself.

### 💬 Language

- Support languages from Chinese to Italian and more.
- Support Pinyin.
- Translation support this project in [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/flow-launcher)

### Portable

- Fully portable.
- Type `flow user data` to open your saved user settings folder. They are located at:
  - If using roaming: `%APPDATA%\FlowLauncher`
  - If using portable, by default: `%localappdata%\FlowLauncher\app-<VersionOfYourFlowLauncher>\UserData` 
  - Type `open log location` to open your logs folder, they are saved along with your user settings folder.

### 🎮 Game Mode

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517711-a7396bbb-f7ae-403d-9644-1414edd9e3f1.png" width="150">

> - Suspend Hotkey when you playing game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Suspend the hotkey when you are playing games.
```

- SpotiyPrimeum

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533523-afd79dca-a444-40e5-b2d9-6d3fe3aaece1.png" width="400">

- Steam Search

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533481-58e473fd-38d9-4604-861f-ad870770967d.png" width="400">

- Clipboard History

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533538-3caa2944-3037-4755-87b9-70fa918d2efa.png" width="400">

- Home Assistant Commander

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533487-2caff162-a8f6-4577-af3f-d1b05d423ee4.png" width="400">

- Colors

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533497-8677f800-95c5-4758-8ca3-c96333ee1943.png" width="400">

- Github

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533517-07bf011f-726c-4221-8657-0e442eca8a82.png" width="400">

- Windows Walker

### Plugin Install

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517723-dcde0518-d884-4ee4-81d1-c862b1cf83b0.png" width="400">

- Install/Uninstall/Update plugins: in the search window, type `pm` `install`/`uninstall`/`update` + the plugin name.

> - If you developer, You can download plugin by direct URL. `pm install <URL>`

Reviewer: @onesounds @Garulf do we actually want to advertise this method? i personally think it's better that everything is through the Plugin Store

Author: I will remove the direct download part. It's better to get rid of the command, but I'll change it to the plugin store sub-item because it's a necessary part.

### Plugin Store

![pluginstore](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144528115-3b6baa89-f53f-40db-8426-02c4db8dd2b5.png)

- Simply you can check the full plugin list and Quick install in plugin store menu in setting.
----

## Hotkeys

> 

Reviewer: shall we add tab to autocomplete to this table?

Author: yep

### 💬 Language

- Support languages from Chinese to Italian and more.
- Support Pinyin.
- Translation support this project in [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/flow-launcher)

### Portable

- Fully portable.
- Type `flow user data` to open your saved user settings folder. They are located at:
  - If using roaming: `%APPDATA%\FlowLauncher`
  - If using portable, by default: `%localappdata%\FlowLauncher\app-<VersionOfYourFlowLauncher>\UserData` 
  - Type `open log location` to open your logs folder, they are saved along with your user settings folder.

### 🎮 Game Mode

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144517711-a7396bbb-f7ae-403d-9644-1414edd9e3f1.png" width="150">

- Suspend the hotkey when you are playing games.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144858082-8b654daf-60fb-4ee6-89b2-6183b73510d1.png" width="100%">

## 📦 Plugins

- Support wide range of plugins. Visit [here](https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs/#/plugins) for our plugin portfolio.
- If you are using Python plugins, flow will prompt to either select the location or allow Python (Embeddable) to be automatic downloaded for use.

> - If you are keen to write your own plugin for flow, please take a look at our plugin development documentation for [C#](https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs/#/develop-dotnet-plugins) or [Python](https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs/#/develop-py-plugins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create and publish your own plugin to flow! Take a look at our plugin development documentation for [C#](https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs/#/develop-dotnet-plugins) or [Python](https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs/#/develop-py-plugins)
```
```suggestion
- If you are keen to write your own plugin for flow, please take a look at our plugin development documentation for [C#](https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs/#/develop-dotnet-plugins) or [Python](https://flow-launcher.github.io/docs/#/develop-py-plugins)
```

### Everything
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6903107/144533510-6880ecf4-5f93-4b6a-9c1f-4fcdb99110c3.png" width="400">

> ### SpotiyPrimeum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SpotifyPremium
```
